I am giving some project proposal pointers below. Please note that the bar for good marks on a project is now higher than previous years because not only are more SOTA paper authors putting their code repos on GitHub, it is easy to prompt commercial LLMs to generate highly functional code. The same goes for writing a blog or a review article as a solo project team.
Just making a repo run cannot be a complete project, unless the authors have omitted large portions of necessary code. In that case, the project can be to complete the missing modules of a involved repo.
It will be default assumed that you used commercial LLMs to write code. The effort can lie in (i) putting complex pipelines together by carefully crafting step-by-step prompting, and (ii) spotting and correcting mistakes or inefficiencies of the LLM-generated code. Your project should involve such substantial effort.
Another direction can be to extend and compare the experiments of one or more related papers on datasets that were not covered in the original papers, and make critical comments about whether the claims of the authors still hold on new domains and datasets, and the reasons for any changes (how is the new data different, for example).
You could also try improvements and ablation studies on existing papers and make critical observations
You could also combine ideas from more than one paper, or try variation of ideas pursued by an existing paper.
You can also incorporate an AML model into a useful or entertaining app.
If you are writing an article, it cannot be about explaining a single technique, unless it is backed by insights of your own experiments and struggles to make it work. You can, however, critically compare multiple related techniques using various aspects -- accuracy, training time, testing time, GPU requirements, data requirements etc. You can end with recommendations on which technique should be the first to try under what circumstance.
You can also go into theory, but the insights have to be equivalent to two lectures of EE782 teaching 
